---
title: "\U0001F4D3 Reflection - 24 Sept 2022"
tags: [reflections]
---

Homeless in Shanghai, I have to stay in my friend's place for the weekend. He lives in a very posh house, in a very posh complex—so posh that the security by the gate should know each and every name of the proprietors. Ignorant of that being a possibility, I exclaimed in awe—an exclamation which evidently caused the security to doubt whether ones of my friend's poshness should know a man like myself. He made me call my friend so that he can make sure I am not a homeless boy trying to harass a rich man—which I pretty much am. 

I called and my friend told the security he does know me—God bless him; the security lets me in, and I am once again awed: each house comes with a garden, and in the middle of the complex is a huge garden; trees can be found everywhere, whilst in the centre garden theres grows a literal forest of trees. I recall little about the various flowers upon the fresh lawns scatter, but I do remember well the trees. Almost every one of the trees I had the hap to meet along the way has its own voice as well as its feature: at the passing of the breeze the fir-trees sob and moan no less distinctly than they rock; the holly whistles as it battles with itself; the ash hisses amid its quiverings; the beech rustles whilst its flat boughs should rise and fall. I walked, in lieu of walking towards the house, into the trees, and soon found myself standing in the clearing amongst the centre trees. And apparently in a sea of mosquitos.

I quickly left, and into his mansion I went.
