---
title: "\U0001F4D3 Reflection - 23 Sept 2022"
tags: [reflections]
---

There is hardly homework today: there is, yet they are for the weekend—a student of my dedication never does weekend homework before weekend. The evening studies, then, was supposed to be a traquil time for me to read and think; whereas—as I am writing this—the air conditioner produces a burning smell whilst classmates around me are screaming as if they are being burnt alive.

The excitement and constant jabbering is fostered by a very sorry scene today. A lady—I am wont to address to females thus, though in this case I feel like I should hardly call her a lady—publicly took off her jacket in class, whereunder she is clothed with only—well—undergarment. I was sitting at the very front of the classroom when she did that—the teacher's seat—and I, when I heard a scream, lifted my head and haplessly had a very brief glance at the... view. I quickly stuffed the book I was holding onto my face and swore—my brain has not the faintest idea of how to deal with this verily... delicate situation. I was nearly able to convince myself such drama is but a boyish phantasmagoria my brain had produced—nearly—till some other screams arose: she had turned around.

Mankind is quite strange a thing to think about; they in their shape and abilities resemble me, but their mind—the way they think—is oftentimes mystical. What was she—pray tell, thou All-knowing—thinking when she should do that? I was reading Keats when she had commited the deed, and now his words are but irony to me:

> ... Surely the All-seeing, <br>
> Who joys to see us with his gifts agreeing,

One would hardly, dear Lord Almighty, agree with such gift—it is no gift, and it is not to be agreed upon.

I should cease to write: I cannot bear to recall the sight once more.
