---
title: "\U0001F4D3Reflection - 20 Sept 2022"
tags: [reflections]
---

Versification in dactyls is hard. Keats is a genius. These are, alas, all my thoughts today. The first one new, the second old. Nought had left any impression worth mentioning except for the two: it's yet another bland and boring day under the sun. Bland and boring may be too harsh two words to conclude a day though: after all, each day has its own uniqueness; today is but an example of a day that is lacking in its uniqueness. 

A song, though—it just came in mind—did stir my bored spirit today; the song did not quite impress me heretofore when I first listened, but today it did. Would you were bored as I am, you might try listening: the name is The Garden Where the Praities Grow.

To expand on the dactyls bit: I have been composing poetry once more. The first line struck my mind out of nowhere, with a dactylic rhythm: 'when should I see in a bower your eyes'. Thus the poem went:

> When should I see in a bower your eyes<br>
> In which dances the spirit who from our love rise,<br>
> Whereby all of your feelings shall sweetly express,<br>
> From which love-sicken'd teardrops shall run like your tress.<br>
>
> What be the number of hours I wait<br>
> Till I see in my sight that dear bed where you sate,<br>
> Whereon you and your sorrows doth vanish away,<br>
> As in dreaming we meet and I ever will stay.

It is not good poetry: too evident some sacrifices are made for the fitting of the metre, yet it is at least a joy—for myself—to read. Now Byron is the genius of the day as well as Keats: one presently admires the first canto of The Bride of Abydos more than one has ever did.
